Welcome.
(Episode 11)
Please take the cash.
He is not picking up the phone.
He must have sensed that we are after him.
Track all of his calls and credit card records.
If those don't work, put him on the suspect list.
Sir, suspect list? My brother didn't do anything wrong.
Lawyer Lee, a guest is waiting for you.
A guest? I don't have any appointments today.
A new guest who came in today for the first time.
Oh, yeah?
I'm sorry. Could you give me a moment?
- Is this a pro bono? - No, it isn't.
Or have I already fallen behind?
Just because I lost in Park Joon Mo case?
- No way, sir. - Why am I stuck with such client?
You should talk to him first, sir.
There must be a reason why he is here to see you.
Okay.
Good morning. I'm Lawyer Lee Yu Beom.
Your name is?
My name is Kang Dae Hee.
I requested for a lawyer who also was a prosecutor before.
And they told me to come here.
You are right. Please have a seat.
But I don't accept just any cases.
I have to listen to your case and decide if I can work on it.
Sir.
I can pay as much as you want.
I don't bet on money.
I bet on chances.
Please tell me.
How can I help you?
I'm under a false accusation.
Recently, I was in a car accident by mistake.
And I lost my younger brother.
The police accused me that I faked it all for his insurance.
They even issued me an arrest warrant.
Did the warrant state you killed him on purpose?
No, no. I haven't seen the warrant myself.
I left when the police just arrived.
Then you don't even know what the warrant says.
No, it's not that.
Oh, well.
If I were still a prosecutor, you just made a huge mistake.
But don't worry.
I'm a lawyer now.
Keeping lawyer's ethics, I can't say a word about...
what my client has just said.
If you want to live, lie to a prosecutor.
But to me, tell me what you want.
What you are doing now is shoveling sand against the tide.
I mean...
you have to be honest with me.
So I can fix where it went wrong.
Did you kill your younger brother?
Yes.
What I want from you is...
that in the trial,
make me innocent.
The weather this September is...
similar to the previous year's or slightly hotter.
The criminal who murdered his own brother after his insurance...
When will mine show?
- The prosecutor sentenced him... - It's here.
Reporter Nam Hong Joo reports.
Seoul Hangang District Prosecutors' Office sentenced...
life imprisonment to Kang,
the accused aged 37 for murder and fraud...
in the final trial.
Accused Kang has intentionally killed two of his...
younger siblings for accidental death benefits...
that were put since June 2015.
Kang was imprisoned and prosecuted for the murders.
I'm here with SBC news, Nam Hong Joo.
Seoul Hangang District Prosecutors' Office didn't do anything.
It's Prosecutor Jung who prosecuted him.
So? You think it's unfair?
It's a pity. Not that I think it's unfair.
Is that so?
I was going to comfort you if you felt that it's unfair.
Oh, now that I think twice, it's a bit unfair.
So tell me.
What is it that's so unfair?
What's so unfair?
Tell me, what's unfair?
Gosh, you startled me.
My goodness.
Why are you on my bed?
I came to wake you up, but you pulled me.
You pulled my arm so hard, saying you think it's unfair.
You should have let it go!
Such an easy man you are!
It's disgusting. What am I saying?
Right. You don't know what you are saying too.
Because you are the one who is wrong, and you're ashamed.
Quiet now.
You want breakfast? Cereal or noodles?
I'm wondering why you're making breakfast for me.
I don't know if I might owe you again.
If something bad happens,
please protect my daughter.
Never mind. I'll have breakfast next door from now on.
From now on? You mean every day?
The lady next door wants to make breakfast for us.
Oh, that's nice.
Their breakfast is so good.
As if you have tried before?
I have tried.
When? Without me?
Yes, when you were not around.
It was many times throughout the day that I didn’t like you.
- Come on. - Don't do it.
- I'm Wolverine. - Don't do it.
Please stop. I hate it.
That hurts.
Mom.
Mom, where is the razor?
Mom, why do I have so much hair on my legs?
I just shaved yesterday, and it grew so much again.
The growing speed is like the speed of light.
And my armpits are worse.
Hey, Hong Joo, say hi.
We're going to have breakfast together from now on.
And the armpits. I mean, the razor is next to the shampoo.
- Search for it again. - Okay.
Welcome.
Goodness.
Hong Joo, you are quite moisturized.
My eyebrows are half gone, like Mona Lisa.
Why couldn't you have given me more eyebrows?
Now, enjoy.
Hong Joo is a very neat and tidy girl.
She won't allow even one single hair left on her leg.
Right. I see.
You have such a huge breakfast every day?
Hey, this is just a regular meal.
Before this, she even made Five Spice Sliced Steamed Pork.
The shabu-shabu you made before was the best thing ever.
That's nice. I'll try to cook again next time.
Welcome to the table.
Mom, you should have told me guests were coming over.
I told you, but the song you turned on was too loud.
It's okay, Hong Joo. Everyone is like that at home.
Being yourself at home.
Oh, not to this level, ma'am.
Stop lying.
My brother doesn't look like a human at home.
I know how your brother looks like at home.
- You saw him? - How do you know?
I have seen your house in my dream many times.
You don't wash your hair for many days and go to work, right?
You're right. I'm scared that he'll have lice.
You take off your socks and pants in any way you want,
and you've never put them in the washing machine yourself.
Why do you open the bathroom door and take a dump?
Right. That's right. What's worse is that...
- he doesn't flush! - He doesn't flush!
You're so good.
How do you know all of this from your dream?
I dream of your brother quite often these days.
I didn't mean to look inside your house, but I just had to.
Who on earth will clean this up?
Why are you using violence?
- Darn you. - Gosh.
Oh, a prosecutor beats an innocent one.
It's a scene nobody should miss.
Stop being so coy.
I haven't said a word for your dignity.
Should I spill some more?
- Hey, Nam Hong Joo. - What!
I admit all that. So stop it now.
Let's all eat now.
I have seen you at home already. Just be yourself now.
Don't act like you're neat.
Your brother will tell me the truth anyway.
Are you mad?
You should get on the bus. Aren't you getting on the bus?
- I'm not getting on the bus. - What? Why not?
I have to drop you at your work first.
Ask me to protect you, come and bother me.
Ask me to send you home, and ask me to send you to work.
I will try to.
If it makes me relieved, I will try to.
This was real.
I told you it's real.
Hey, the bus is here.
What are you doing? We'll be late.
(Episode 11: A City of Blinds)
Two boxes of my name cards?
All the people in the prosecutor's offices were...
changed while you were gone.
You should go say hi one by one.
- Two boxes might not be enough. - Yes, sir.
I'm starting this for real.
I will watch what kind of items you bring in.
Police, prosecutor, firemen, and petrols.
What they are investigating and what's their top list,
you must be aware of every little detail, okay?
Even the patrols?
You don't want to?
No, I love it.
I feel so much younger like a freshman.
Shall I report to you every two hours?
That would be nice.
Oh, gosh. I give in.
Welcome...
Good afternoon. We're here again.
Hong Joo is not here today.
We didn't come for her. We're here to have some meat.
I haven't had breakfast, so I should have a heavy meal...
for lunch to stand throughout the day.
And we won't ask for cash receipts.
A tough man won't ask for a bill or a coupon stamp.
We won't ask for such things.
We're done with those.
What's wrong with asking for cash receipts?
It's a fair-trade a policeman should be aware of.
A policeman should not say such things.
Woo Tak, what do I do? I just made a mistake again.
Kyung Han, please!
(Police Station)
Hey, Han Woo Tak!
I mean, Lieutenant Han. Nice to see you here.
What are you doing here?
You two know each other?
- You got a new job? - No, I'm back to my old job.
I can't be pretty all my life.
- I must work hard. - SBC reporter?
You are a reporter?
I'm sorry I didn't know.
How do they know each other?
They don't have much in common.
Hold on.
They seem like they know each other very well.
Hey, don't you have anything on the top list in your office?
I have to report to my senior. I have nothing to report.
Oh, it's my senior. I need something to report.
It's Nam Hong Joo, sir.
I'm here at the third patrol.
Reporting items? Hurry, and give me some.
We have a case where a street cat was killed.
Yes, a street cat was killed.
- It's a serial murder case. - It's a serial killing case, sir.
The number of cats being killed so far is...
Around 100...
100?
Yes, over 100 cats, sir.
Yes, sir.
Okay, sir. All right.
- Sir, I'm back. - Come on in.
Hello.
I don't see Prosecutor Shin here.
She went to monitor the death benefit fraud case.
The death benefit fraud case?
Yes, it's relevant to you too.
- Me? - Yes.
I was here during your duty the other night. Remember?
There was a car accident that night, and I went to examine the dead.
- Yes, I'm aware of it. - It wasn't a simple car accident.
Shall I conduct an autopsy?
No, not the autopsy.
The deceased’s big brother was against the autopsy.
So I had to give an order to pass the deceased one to his family.
But when I investigated this,
the big brother put 2.7 million dollars on the deceased’s insurance.
I had goosebumps all over.
Because the big brother cried so hard for the dead.
But he killed the brother and acted on crying so hard.
He must have acted for 2.7 million dollars.
How could he kill a person for money?
And it's his younger brother.
Kang, the guilty one, has put his two younger siblings...
under a huge death benefit insurance and falsified a car accident.
Is the accused named Kang?
Yes. How do you know that?
Yes, it's Kang Dae Hee.
Is it the case where he killed both of his younger brother and sister?
No, he just killed the brother. The younger sister is alive.
- The younger sister is still alive? - Yes.
But how did you know that he has a younger sister?
Did you see the records?
No, I was confused with another case.
Do you think there is any chance that he becomes innocent?
No way!
He confessed that he killed while we were investigating.
Not a denial but a confession.
But why did you conduct another direct investigation?
His lawyer is Lee Yu Beom.
Hey, Prosecutor Shin. Hi, Pil Soon.
Hello, Yu Beom.
You have prepared a lot for the trial.
Of course, I have prepared a lot.
You should politely say "No, I haven't".
It's manners to prepare a lot when I have to work against you.
Today's trial is a bit unique. Do you want Coke?
Yes, it was unique. A female jury and...
all the panels were women too.
I think it's the first time ever for two women juries to be in a trial.
It's a bit uncomfortable, but it should be all fair, right?
What is it that makes you uncomfortable?
Sorry?
What's wrong with female juries?
Are you Ms. Kim Joo Young, the Assistant Chief Jury?
Nice to meet you.
No, it's not that it's uncomfortable. It's rather unique.
Usually, it's all male jury.
That's my point.
When all the jury were men, you never said anything about being fair.
Now you mention about being fair to jury who are all ladies.
Aren't male jury more likely to be unfair...
than female jury?
I really don't understand you.
She's right. If all the jury were men,
being fair should not only apply to women.
I'm sorry, Lawyer Lee, the Jury already doesn't like you.
Right. I'll lose to Prosecutor Shin today.
The cases are different.
(Trial In Process)
You said you bet on chances.
- That's right. - How big is my chance?
It's around 99 percent.
Are we the one percent?
All rise, please.
[VIU Ver] E11 While You Were Sleeping
"A City of Blinds(False Insurance Case)"
-= Ruo Xi =-
Straighten your shoulders. We're the 99 percent.
The chance of being guilty is 99 percent.
I deducted one percent because Yu Beom is the lawyer this time.
But in fact, it's 100 percent that he's guilty.
You really think there is no chance that he is innocent?
Why are you wishing for him to be guilty?
Is there anything you know?
No, but we have to be careful with every single thing.
You are not being careful in my heart.
You better be careful alone.
If he is innocent, I will die.
I haven't even dissected the deceased’s body too.
Stop sighing on me!
- We can do it. - Yes, we can do it.
Prosecutor, please state your point to the charge.
Yes, ma'am.
The accused Kang Dae Hee has put his brother and sister...
as insurants since June, 2015.
And he set himself as a beneficiary for over 31 life insurances.
Kang's been paying over 4,000 dollars per month for insurances.
I see.
His income source had gone wrong when his stocks investments...
went wrong and to get the death benefits from the insurances,
he decided to falsify a car accident in which...
his brother ended up being killed.
On March 28 at 9pm, the accused was on his way...
to send his brother home and he intentionally hit the gate.
This ended up killing his brother.
Moreover, the accused has reported false information on...
the fake car accident case to seven insurance companies...
and claimed 27 million dollars in total.
For this, the accused, based on Criminal Law Article 250,
is charged with murdering.
Criminal Law Article 347-1 adds fraud to his crimes...
and shall be prosecuted based on these.
Lawyer Lee. Do you admit to the charges?
No, I plead not guilty to the entire charges.
The accused...
claims innocence to all charges.
Kang Dae Hee is claiming innocence to his charges?
Yes, sir. I was worried that he'd cry for mercy,
but it's better this way. It's easier to prosecute now.
Lee Yu Beom is being reckless this time.
It's a confession case. Why bother flipping it?
Don't you think Lawyer Lee has made him confess for a reason?
When a confession is made, they investigate less.
What's wrong with you, Prosecutor Jung?
Your big mouth said something similar last time.
Well, his big mouth sounds quite reasonable this time.
Confession could have been a smart strategy.
They investigate less and can prove better in the trial.
Why are you on his side?
Put down your little heart.
Sir!
Why are you praying alone?
Let's now all pray separately.
Prosecutor Shin, don't ignore his advice.
Of course not, sir.
Prosecutor Jung, thank you a lot...
for your hearty advice.
I thought those advice could only be made by those who have…
over 20 years of experience. It's been only a few months for you.
How could you possibly give me such experienced advice?
I'd like to learn too.
Was it a compliment?
Compliment? She was embarrassing me!
Why do you twist her words?
Maybe she really wants to learn.
What she meant was that I crossed the line and should stop.
Can't you distinguish sarcasm?
What's your score in literature?
Why are you taking it out on me?
I dream a lot about your brother.
So I get to see a lot of what's happening in your house.
Oh, right, my little brother. I should not take it out on you.
What's wrong with you? Is anybody here?
Please lift your feet. I need to vacuum there.
What's with your hair? Your hair's all messy at home.
You put on BB cream too?
I didn't.
Yes, you did. Why would you put on BB cream at home?
Is it because she can see you in her dream?
No, shut your mouth now, little brat.
So it's true.
You're doing house chores and wearing nice clothes at home...
because she can see you.
You're making quite a show.
I'll get you, little brat.
I have seen how you are at home.
Don't act like you are neat. Your brother tells me everything.
Oh, she dreamed this too.
She's like a human surveillance camera.
I'm going mad!
You're scaring me.
I'm seriously getting dizzy.
So what's happening to the Sangbu-dong street cat serial killings?
Update me on your report.
So when I examined this, it was only 1 or 2 cats a few months ago.
But now the serial killing scale got bigger.
Over 100 cats died so far.
- That's unbelievable. - Goodness.
Who killed all the cats?
All the cats died of poison. None of them had external bruises.
Police think that there has to be one suspect.
Keep reporting on it until the suspect gets caught.
Do I have to follow this case?
I think the TV show "Animal Farm" should air something about it.
Why? I think it has a story.
It's like a pre-warning before the serial killing.
One of the typical signs is the animal abuses.
It's like a rehearsal before the actual serial killing on people.
He killed over 100 cats.
Who is the suspect? What kind of traits does he have?
Am I the only one who cares?
- No. - No, we all care.
- He makes sense. - Right.
He made a point.
What's wrong with you?
I want to cover humans, not cats.
Jae Chan.
If you've seen the moment in your dream...
Kang Dae Hee...
Why was he there?
(Episode 12 will air shortly.)